What do you think?
It seems that you really don't care if your mother lives or dies.
Badass let go of my grandma
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Stop fighting.
Don't make a fuss
Gu Zhenting, as the richest man in Haicheng
Think about women
I want to play you one by one
Why do you prefer Jiangcai cuisine?
Obsessive
You take care of you
You are the richest man in Haicheng
Does it matter to you who I like?
I don't agree with that.
What right do you have to disagree?
Because of my senior
Jiang Caicai has given herself to me
You want to marry her?
when
It was you who hurt it by means of a bag back then
That's right, I'll kill you magnolia
Magnolia
Xiao Gu, stop fighting
I'm going to kill him later. Get out
Dare to bully Jiang Cub again
I will let you die without a burial
Xiao Gu
Why didn't you tell me that you are the richest man in Haicheng?
Mom, don't blame him.
I didn't let him say it
The past is in the past
I will accompany you from now on